server-1745 | Added commands and terraform steps (#7011)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/server/Installation/migrate-from-server-3-to-server-4.adoc

[#step-7-update-dns-setting]
=== Step 7 - Update DNS setting

> Server 4.x migration is a destructive change for your DNS configuration. There is only one `load-balancer/external-ip` service `circleci-proxy` which you need to update in the DNS configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Server 4.x migration is a destructive change for your DNS configuration. Server 4.x replaces the multiple DNS records with a single`load-balancer/external-ip` service, named `circleci-proxy` or `circleci-proxy-acm`. Retrieve the external IP and update your DNS records accordingly.
```

* circleci-proxy (LoadBalancer)

[#step-8-execute-nomad-terraform]
=== Step 8 - Execute Nomad Terraform

> Execute the link:https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/server-terraform[Nomad Terraform] to re-create nomad client where `server_endpoint` value is set to be `<domain>:4647`. 

Reviewer 2: @atulsingh0 Can we provide the commands to do this too?

Author: @rosieyohannan Added the Nomad Client Doc link.

> Execute the link:https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/server-terraform[Nomad Terraform] to re-create nomad client where `server_endpoint` value is set to be `<domain>:4647`. You can follow the steps mentioned link:https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/server-4-install-build-services#nomad-clients[here].

Reviewer: I don't know what "execute the link" means. What are the specific things someone has to do here?

Author: @circlery It is - Execute the "Nomad Terraform" , `link` is a markdown to add the hyperlink
